README.md, before:

# Embedded FCM Distributor
![Release](https://jitpack.io/v/UnifiedPush/android-embedded_fcm_distributor.svg)

This is a library that can be used by an end user application to embedded a FCM distributor.
An [example application](https://codeberg.org/UnifiedPush/android-example) is available to show basic usage of the library.

Please refer to <https://unifiedpush.org/developers/embedded_fcm/> for more information.


# Funding

This project is funded through [NGI Zero Core](https://nlnet.nl/core), a fund established by [NLnet](https://nlnet.nl) with financial support from the European Commission's [Next Generation Internet](https://ngi.eu) program. Learn more at the [NLnet project page](https://nlnet.nl/project/UnifiedPush).

[<img src="https://codeberg.org/UnifiedPush/documentation/raw/branch/main/static/img/nlnet_banner.png" alt="NLnet foundation logo" width="20%" />](https://nlnet.nl)
[<img src="https://codeberg.org/UnifiedPush/documentation/raw/branch/main/static/img/NGI0_tag.svg" alt="NGI Zero Logo" width="20%" />](https://nlnet.nl/core)

Commit message:

Use FCM Webpush endpoints, merge foss_EFCMD
Using FCM webpush endpoints avoid using a gateway (when
the application supports VAPID), and makes everything
cleaner. Registering for FCM webpush endpoints is not
possible with firebase-messaging, or isn't documented.
So we merge foss_EFCMD, that's easier to maintain in the
same time.

README.md, after:

# Embedded FCM Distributor

This is a library that can be used by an end user application to embedded a FCM distributor.
An [example application](https://codeberg.org/UnifiedPush/android-example) is available to show basic usage of the library.

Please refer to <https://unifiedpush.org/kdoc/embedded_fcm_distributor/> for more information.

## Credits

Registration to FCM WebPush endpoints comes from the documentation on this gist: <https://gist.github.com/mar-v-in/2a054e3a4c0a508656549fc7d0aaeb74#webpush>

# Funding

This project is funded through [NGI Zero Core](https://nlnet.nl/core), a fund established by [NLnet](https://nlnet.nl) with financial support from the European Commission's [Next Generation Internet](https://ngi.eu) program. Learn more at the [NLnet project page](https://nlnet.nl/project/UnifiedPush).

[<img src="https://codeberg.org/UnifiedPush/documentation/raw/branch/main/static/img/nlnet_banner.png" alt="NLnet foundation logo" width="20%" />](https://nlnet.nl)
[<img src="https://codeberg.org/UnifiedPush/documentation/raw/branch/main/static/img/NGI0_tag.svg" alt="NGI Zero Logo" width="20%" />](https://nlnet.nl/core)
